<h1 style='text-align:center'>Charles Thomas Stocky</h1>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px' >5350 Burnet Rd #349</h3>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px'>Austin, TX 78756</h3>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px'>2287318584</h3>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px'>charles.stocky@gmail.com</h3>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px;'><a href='https://github.com/CharlesStocky'>github</a></h3>

<h1>SKILLS</h1>

<b>Programming</b> – Experienced with Javascript and object-oriented patterns, Node.js and
asynchronous concepts, as well as React’s declaractive programming paradigm.
Experienced in Python and in building user interfaces using HTML/CSS/CGI.
Experienced with SQL and noSQL databases.

<b>General Computer Skills</b> – Very familiar with Windows, MacOS, and Linux (Kali,
Ubuntu, and Debian).

<b>Communication</b> – Able to write and speak clearly, skilled at using clear and concise
language to convey pertinent information to others.

<h1>EDUCATION</h1>
<b>CodeAcademy</b> - Python, HTML/CSS, Javascript. <br/>

<b>W3Schools</b> - HTML/CSS, Javascript, Nodejs. Used tutorials as referential material to further
my understanding of concepts that I later applied to projects using JS/NodeJS/MongoDB/Mysql.

<b>Practical Javascript</b> - Tools. Effectively learned how to use and interpret dev-
tools (Chrome, Firefox, Dragonfly) as well as code pre-planning and refactoring
through building a Todo-list web application.

<b>Eloquent Javascript</b> - Used to gain more in-depth knowledge of Javascript and
general code-related theory.

<b>Freecodecamp algorithm challenges</b> - Used to practice creation of algorithms for
anything from string manipulation to ordering numbers in a specific manner. They’re
bite sized challenges that are great for initiating "developer-thinkinging"
quickly. The solutions to some of the challenges are on my Github account.

<b>Learnyounode</b> - Used to gain understanding of NodeJS. Including handling HTTP’s request-response protocol within Node, managing I/O, the practice of making JS apps modular, as
well as furthering my understanding of developing within an asynchronous environment.

<b>ExpressWorks</b> - Used to learn routing in NodeJS via Express, how to implement template
engines (pug), and the parsing of JSON data.

<b>Reacttraining.com</b> – Used to gain foundational knowledge of React, React-Router, as
well as Webpack through the building of a “Github Battle” website which compares two
Github accounts and returns the ‘winner’ determined by an algorithm.
Most of my knowledge of React has been as a result of researching when encountering
scenarios I’m not familiar with. Irc channels have been one of the best resources,
Stackoverflow has also been great.

<h1>TOOLS</h1>
Text editors - Sublime, Atom, VIM(editor of choice.)

Git - Version control

Chrome dev-tools/React-dev-tools - Front-end debugging

Postman - API debugging

Docker - Isolated environment/dependencies management

<h1>EXPERIENCE</h1>

<b>Javascript Projects</b>
Aug 2016 – present

I built three games using vanilla Javascript. The first was pick-a-random-
number; it solidified concepts learned from online courses and introduced me to the
concepts necessary for proper error handling of user input.

The second was Hangman; it further solidified my understanding of programming
concepts and introduced me to new string handling techniques. I started this
application as console-only; several iterations later I translated it into a
dynamic HTML page.

The third was Tic-Tac-Toe; it deepened my understanding of the DOM techniques I
learned from building Hangman and introduced me to event handlers using pure
Javascript.

I'm close to deploying my first website. It will be a pizza
coupon finder that is filterable by zip code. I started the process of making the website by planning what I wanted, the course
of action, as well as building an intial HTML/CSS homepage. I began by building the api for the website. Using Nodejs/Express to render the inital static HTML, I route requests with React-Router. My Node/Express server also serves as an endpoint for AJAX requests from the front-end, which will serve data (coupon codes) upon valid zip code entry. I've used the Google-Maps api to convert zip codes into city names, which will match to a document with a corresponding city name. If no city is found, my DB api will also match to state-wide coupon codes (determined by location properties contained within twitter accounts, retrieved via the Twitter API.)  

I then began to flesh out my DB API. Using the Twitter as a source of data, I match Tweets containing keywords using an algorithm within the API. I plan on making a more in-depth post about this process when I've deployed the website. 

I’ve since moved on to finishing the front-end, which uses React. After entry of a zip code from a home page form, I send an AJAX request to my Node/Express DB API endpoint based on the user-entered data. Most of the code for the website's API is available on my <a href='https://github.com/CharlesStocky/coupizza.git'>Github</a>.  

