<h3 etyle='text-align:center'>Charles Thmaos Stocky</h1>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px' >5350 Burnet Rd #349</h3>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px'>Austin, TX 78756</h3>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px'>512-803-3072</h3>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px'>charles.stocky@gmail.com</h3>
<h3 style='text-align:center; margin-top:-8px;'><a href='https://github.com/CharlesStocky'>github</a></h3>

<h1>EXPERIENCE</h1>

<b>Javascript Projects</b>
Aug 2016 – present

<a href='https://github.com/charlesstocky/debugger.html'>debugger.html</a> 
- (Firefox's potential replacement for its current debugger): 

 - Debugged and fixed front-end bugs. - Improved UI/UX design.  
 - Gained familiarity with a large codebase on the fly. 
 - Deepened understanding of React's lifecycle and state management. 
 - Introduced the use of functional programming as a method of sane data mutation and maintaining code readability.
 - Added technologies to JS utility-belt. 


<a href='https://coupizza.com'>Coupizza.com</a>: 
- Pizza coupon finder that's filterable by zip code

 - Used external REST APIs (Facebook GraphAPI, TwitterAPI) as a source of data, munged data using custom algorithms. Implemented CRUD operations using MongoDB.  
 - Setup an Nginx proxy server for added security, proxied requests to Node (Express) server.  
 - Implemented client-side React code for UI. Used React-router to maintain client-sidedness. Setup GET requests to API for relevant data.  
 - Increased development work-flow productivity/efficiency with the use of build-tools. Setup HMR/automated page-refresh using Webpack.  
 - Successfully setup virtual hosting environment using DigitalOcean's droplets. Implemented various automated shell operations

<h1>SKILLS</h1>

<b>Programming</b> – Experienced with Javascript and object-oriented patterns, Node.js and
asynchronous concepts, as well as React’s declaractive programming paradigm.
Experienced in Python and in building user interfaces using HTML/CSS/CGI.
Experienced with SQL and noSQL databases.

<b>Platforms</b> – Very familiar with Windows, MacOS, and Linux (Kali,
Ubuntu, and Debian).

<b>Communication</b> – Able to write and speak clearly, skilled at using clear and concise
language to convey pertinent information to others.

<h1>Libraries/Frameworks</h1>
 -React (react-router)  
 -Node.js runtime environment (Express, Socket.io) 
 -Backbone 
 -Jquery  
 -Redux 
 -Jest, Selenium (as well as other automated testing libraries)


<h1>TOOLS</h1>
 -Text editors - Sublime, Atom, VIM(editor of choice.)
 -Git - Version control
 -Chrome dev-tools/React-dev-tools - Front-end debugging
 -Postman - API debugging
 -Docker - Isolated environment/dependencies management
 -Webpack - Code bundling/HMR  
 -Jest - Automated JS testing
 -PM2 - Node process manager
 -Webflow - CMS (project currently in development)
